Terms of use
Last updated: 08/04/23

Dear visitor, please read this terms of use agreement carefully before visiting our mydreamlove website. Your access to the site is completely dependent on your acceptance of this agreement and compliance with the terms set out in this agreement. If you do not agree to any of the terms set out in this agreement, please terminate your access to the site. Please note that if you continue to access the Site, it will be accepted by us that you accept the entire text of this agreement unconditionally and without restrictions.

the mydreamlove website is managed according to the Company Name and will be referred to as the SITE hereinafter. The Terms of Use of this site enter into force after publication. The right to make changes belongs to the site unilaterally, and all our users are deemed to have accepted these changes, which will be shared up-to-date through the SITE from the beginning.

Privacy
Privacy is available on a separate page to regulate the principles related to the processing of your personal data by us. If you use the SITE, you agree that the processing of this data takes place in accordance with the privacy policy.

scope of service
As a Company Name, we are completely free to determine the scope and nature of the services we will provide within the framework of the law; the changes we will make related to the services will be deemed effective after they are published on the site.

Copyright
All text, code, graphics, logos, images, audio files published on the SITE and the owner of the software used (hereinafter and hereafter referred to as "content") is the Company Name and all rights are reserved. Reproduction or copying of the Site content without written permission is strictly prohibited.

General Provisions
All users undertake that they will use the site only for legal and personal purposes and will not engage in any activities that violate the rights of a third party. Their legal and criminal responsibilities belong to them in the transactions and transactions they perform on the SITE. The SITE is not directly and/or indirectly responsible for damages suffered or may be suffered by third parties due to these works and actions.
We do our best to ensure the accuracy and timeliness of the information contained on the site. However, despite our efforts, this information may fall short of actual changes, there may be some differences. For this reason, we do not provide any express or implied guarantees or undertakings regarding the accuracy and timeliness of the information contained on the site.
The SITE may contain hyperlinks to other websites, applications and platforms operated by third parties whose content is unknown to us. The functionality of the SITE only provides access to these sites, and we do not accept any responsibility for their content.
Although we do our best to keep the site free of viruses, we do not guarantee that viruses are completely absent. For this reason, it is the responsibility of users to take the necessary precautions against viruses when downloading data. Virus etc. we do not accept responsibility for any damage caused by malicious programs, codes or materials.
We do not guarantee that there will be no defects or errors in the services offered on the SITE or that uninterrupted service will be provided. We may terminate your access to the SITE and the services or any part of the site at any time without prior notice.
Limitation of Liability
Our liability for damages arising from the use of the SITE is limited to intentional and gross negligence. The total compensation that can be claimed for damages arising from breach of contract is limited to foreseeable damages. The above-mentioned limitations of liability also do not apply in the event of damage to human life, damage to the body or damage to a person's health. In all cases deemed force majeure by law, we will not be responsible for any compensation due to delay, non-performance or default.

Dispute Resolution: The laws of the Republic of Turkey are applied for the settlement of disputes arising from the implementation or interpretation of this Agreement; the Courts and Enforcement Offices of the Yozgat Courthouse are authorized.
